Hi. this is cherry. leave a
message and I'll call you back.
Hi cherry. it's Laura.
I'm on the way to the flat.
I... I really need to speak to you.
Ok. I'll see you soon.
What am I going to say?
Cherry. I know that this is
going to come as a shock...
But I wanted to tell you in person.
Daniel... He's actually... he's made it.
And he's going to be ok.
God.
Hi. Laura!
- So sorry. have you been waiting long?
- No. not at all.
Come in. come in.
Sorry. I didn't have time to tidy.
Just. make yourself at home.
Cup of tea?
No thanks.
Did Daniel stay here
before the accident?
No. he'd only just got the keys.
Is this Daniel's laptop?
Yeah. I was just borrowing it.
I've got his rucksack here and...
Some of his post.
Are you sure you don't want a drink?
- No thanks.
- Really? Nothing?
I'm fine. I'm fine. I just want to talk.
Could I show you what I bought?
You can tell me which one's right.
I think it's perfect but I
just wanted you to see...
Cherry. can we...
Just talk. first?
I'm sorry that I didn't
reach out to you sooner.
These last couple of
weeks have just been a blur.
And...
I want you to know I know
how much Daniel means to you.
He meant everything to me.
- And I just need to tell you...
- We were so happy.
Do you know he proposed to me?
Yeah. he... He wanted to marry me.
He told me just before the accident.
But you only dated
for a couple of months.
He just knew.
So did I.
We'd have been family.
Laura. It's what Daniel wanted.
Do you have a date for the funeral?
We already had the funeral.
What?
- It was small. private.
- You can't do that.
We just wanted it to be family.
cherry. The same way it was with Rose.
Who the fuck do you think you are?
Get out!
Cherry-l-5-2-3.
Laura!
Don't make me break
down this fucking door!
Laura! I know you're in there!
Laura. for fuck's sake!
You're not going to get
rid of me. you fucking bitch.
- Hey. honey.
- Hey!
- Everything ok?
- Yeah. I was just thinking...
I don't want us bringing
Daniel back to London.
But the doctors said he's good to go.
No no no. I was actually thinking.
what if we took him to
Spain for his recovery?
- That's a bit soon.
- No. I know. I know. but...
Don't you think it will be
good for us to have some time.
just the three of us?
Mum...
Yes. honey.
Dad and I are right here. You ok?
Did you manage to get hold of cherry?
No. I...
Tried calling her. and she didn't pick up.
She didn't call me back.
I don't understand. like...
Did I do something wrong?
What? No. You didn't do anything wrong.
Sweetheart. some people.
they just want to be
around for the good times.
Did you get me a new phone?
You... you said you'd get me a phone.
Yes. of course I did.
I'll set it up for you. ok?
Everything's going to be ok.
There's your napkin. honey.
- Gracias. car lot a.
- De nada.
Your physio comes in the
morning! She's very good.
Apparently. she was Spain's
olympic team therapist.
You hear that. Daniel? You'll
be pole vaulting in no time.
- I can do that.
- That's ok. honey.
Mum. mum! I can feed myself.
- How's the gallery?
- Good!
All riven's work sold in the end.
And I'm pursuing this
new artist called Jamal k..
he's got a huge online following.
For fuck's sake...
Let me do it.
You'll get there. honey. You will get there.
Mum! Stop!
It's not that.
Damn it.
No. we flew out yesterday.
It was a last minute decision.
- Gosh. that was quick.
- Listen. Isabella. I need a favour.
Can you get brigitte to just keep
quiet about Daniel's recovery?
Ok... but what do you mean. keep quiet?
I just... I just don't want everybody
talking about him and hassling him.
Cherry still hasn't been in touch
and he's just so depressed. you know?
That's awful. darling. We're
all so worried about him.
I know. I know you're worried.
I'll keep you posted. I promise.
Ok. Please do.
- Thank you.
- Love you.
Love you too. Bye.
I'm so sorry. cherry. Daniel's
gone. He died this morning.
Hey. it's Daniel. leave a message.
It's so nice to hear your voice.
I can't. Daniel.
I don't know what to do without you.
Please. just come back.
- Can I help at all?
- Hi. yeah.
I think this is right. it's hard to tell.
Who's it for? A partner?
Yeah.
His mum loves him in blue.
Blue eyes?
The bluest.
I'm so sorry. it declined. Would
you like to try another card?
Yeah. of course.
Are you ok?
Yeah. Yeah. sorry.
- Yeah. that's perfect.
- Great.
- There you are.
- Thank you.
So. what's the special occasion?
Is it a birthday? Wedding?
No. it's his funeral.
Yeah. he'll be buried in it.
God. I'm... I'm so sorry.
His family haven't let me
be involved much. but...
I'm hoping I could at least
choose what he wears.
Cherry. this is Laura. I'm sorry
I haven't returned your calls.
I'm on the way to the flat. I
really need to speak to you.
Shit.
Fuck.
- Do you want a cup of tea?
- No. thanks.
We already had the funeral.
What?
Why didn't you call me?
Because you're not family.
I know it's hard. cherry. but...
You need to move on.
Laura...
How could you be so fucking cruel?
Laura! I know you're in there!
Laura. I'm not going anywhere.
What the fuck. I just want
to know where he's buried.
Please just talk to me.
Hi cherry. it's Laura.
Listen. I'm afraid you're going to
have to move out of Daniel's flat
by the end of the month.
We're selling it.
Ok Daniel... good... Good. one step...
- Then the next step.
- Where'd you find her?
Carlota. I asked her to find
the best and the prettiest.
Fastest way to heal a
broken heart. though. right?
You're good.
I just can't get my head
around cherry's vanishing act.
I told you! You only see
the good in everyone.
You say that like that's a bad thing.
Listen...
I don't think Daniel should
live in that flat when we go back.
We need him to look forward.
That's up to Daniel. He
might want to stay there.
Will you talk to him please?
We can't have him living alone.
Ok.
He'll listen to you.
Lift those knees! A little bit higher.
Agh! Fuck!
Fuck!
Do you need help?
No. I'm fine.
Here. come to me.
Sweetheart.
There you go.
- I'm just exhausted.
- I know. honey. I know.
- Just breathe.
- I just want to...
- I just wanna keep my leg straight.
- Ok. I gotcha.
There you go. Just
breathe. honey. breathe.
Fuck.
I gotcha.
Bye. guys!
- Bye.
- Bye Elena. thank you.
You're welcome.
Fuck.
- You ok?
- Yeah!
How about I get us some snacks?
- Yeah. sounds good.
- Ok.
- You sure you're ok?
- Of course.
There you are.
- Hey!
- Hey.
Daniel's gone to bed.
I thought we could have
some time with just us.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
I want you so bad.
Stop!
- What's going on?
- Stop.
Just... Can you just give me a minute?
Ok.
It's ok. I'll be right there.
Fuck's sake!
Why are you always looking
at such depressing places?
It's for a friend.
Do you hate your friend?
She's on a budget.
Sucks to be her.
We're having after-work
drinkies tonight. cascade bar!
Unless you're still... You know... too sad?
I won't this time. but... thank you.
What the fuck?
No.
Are you fucking joking?
The person you have
called is not available.
Please leave a message after the tone.
Laura. call me back.
What the fuck do you
think you're playing at?
Hi honey. can we get
four sambucas please?
No. Tequila for me.
Big night! Down the hatch.
Amazing.
My god.
Wow. You look like you want to dance.
- No. I want to drink.
- Drink?
What can I get you?
- Tequila.
- Tequila?
- Mhm.
- Wow.
I like your style.
- Oops!
- Ay ay...
That's a bit of a downgrade. isn't it?
My god. brigitte!
It's so good to see you.
Is it? Don't know about that.
What?
Do you know what?
You just... you do
you. cherry. it's all good.
Why are you so... Why
are you so angry at me?
We're not exactly going to be
friends after what you did to Daniel.
Ok?
That wasn't my... That's not fair.
It's... it's broken me.
Babe. you really... You really look broken.
Look. I'm so glad that
he's not here to see this.
Fucking tragic.
What a bitch.
- Shall we go back to your place then?
- Fuck off.
Brigitte ran into cherry!
- Did they speak?
- Barely.
She was drunk out of her skull.
snogging her next victim. brigitte said.
- You were right. she is on the prowl.
- Where were they?
I don't want Daniel bumping
into her. he'd be so upset.
He's doing so well right now.
Brigitte said that the club
is near where cherry works.
so just tell Daniel to avoid
Chelsea like the plague.
Ok. thank you. speak soon.
Elliot? I'm not meant to be
in work this weekend. am I?
- My god. you've got a nerve.
- My god.
Have I got that wrong?
Am I late for something?
No. no. you're not late. You're fired.
What? Why?
Why? God. you must have
been shitfaced last night.
- Check your phone. cherry.
- What?
Right. I want you to
bring your keys back today
and get your things.
You'll never work in
this industry again. ok?
Elliot. this... this wasn't
me. I must've been hacked.
No. no. nice try. cherry.
- You ok. love?
- Yeah.
- There's always a job for you here.
- I'm not staying.
References?
Yeah... Yeah. I can
get those... over to you.
- Laine. was it?
- That's it. cherry laine.
Wait. you're that nutter
who posted online. right?
I don't think that's entirely fair. but yeah...
Sorry... Yeah. we're not interested.
No. just... just wait. Just don't hang...
Who the fuck would do this to me?
You ok?
It's like I've been blacklisted.
There's not a single decent
agency that will take me now.
Sorry. love.
Still living like stig of the dump?
I'm not unpacking.
Well come on then. I don't
want us to be late opening up.
Yeah. perfect.
Ok. ok. stop showing off!
You've been good at that for ages.
Let's see you run. Run!
Yeah.
Wow. what a runner!
He's doing very well.
He is!
Yeah. perfect!
No. Daniel!
Hey. have you seen Daniel?
He went into town to
have a drink... With Elena.
So I thought you and I could
have some time. together.
Excellent.
Well then let's just
carpe diem. as they say.
This is really nice.
- Sorry if I've been neglecting you.
- It's ok. baby.
You remember this? From
Tom's vineyard in andalucia?
"Let's save it for a special occasion".
I've been...
Thinking.
What do you think about
it just being us... again?
Exclusively? As in. no more marianne?
Yeah.
Only if you want to. of course.
You know I do.
And you're sure?
So sure.
- Let's just be true to each other.
- Of course.
If there's one thing we've been
good at all these years is honesty.
Right?
What? Out here?
Carpe diem.
How are you?
I'm good.
You look like your old self.
Fancy a cheeky joint?
With you? Always.
You were right. by the way.
About what?
Cherry.
I got her so wrong.
But I've deleted her number.
Definitely time to move on.
I think I'm ready to go home. too.
- Are you sure?
- I'm sure.
Ok then. I'll book a jet.
Thanks. mum.
I love you.
I know.
- Sweetheart. let me help you.
- No. I can manage.
- Carry mine. then.
- No. thank you!
Who are they from?
It's... it's from an artist friend.
They were for you actually. honey.
It's good to be home.
Thanks. babe.
So. what do I owe you for that?
Don't tell the boss.
but that's on the house.
Margo needs to build up her strength.
- Send her our love.
- Thanks. hon.
And tell that son of yours to pop by.
He's always had a bit of
a soft spot for our cherry.
He's a very handsome
man. Isn't he. cherry?
Go for it. mum. you
could do with some action.
Outrageous. My own daughter.
Cheerio!
- See ya now!
- Bye.
Mum! Behave.
'Bout time.
Fancy a night out tomorrow?
Yeah... if you're paying.
Good.
There you are.
Are you ok?
That were fantastic. I've not
had a night like that for ages.
I'd forgotten how good
you are. it's annoying.
- It's a shame it skipped a generation.
- Oi!
It's good to see you smiling again.
Yeah. I miss him.
Course you do. You always will.
- What if I never meet anyone like him?
- You won't.
- You're not meant to say that. mum!
- It's true.
I mean. sometimes. we do
only get the one chance at love.
Look at me.
I never replaced your dad.
But I'm happy. got my shit
together. made a good life.
You will too.
You should come with me tomorrow.
No.
It's been a while since
you've seen him and...
He misses you. I know that.
Well. not that he can
remember much these days. but...
Come on. love.
I forgave him.
Can't you?
You all right?
Yeah.
Come on. then.
Thanks for coming. love.
Hiya love. how you doing?
Hey.
It's a bit warm in here int'it?
I'll get us some water in a sec.
No. I haven't forgotten the
socks. they're in the bag.
And I bought you a new...
Jumper.
Look who's come to see ya.
I knew you'd be pleased.
You'll be alright John. for a minute?
I'll I'll go and get you that water.
Ok?
Hi. dad.
Yeah. I'm just here for a bit...
Just between... Between
jobs at the moment.
W... what was that?
Fuck off!
What's the matter. love?
I can't be here. I can't...
Has something happened with your dad?
Look. he... he doesn't
really know what's going on.
He knows exactly what's going on.
I'm not doing this. I'm getting out.
No please. just give it... Just
give it a couple more weeks.
Everything's going to work itself out.
It's not. Not if I stay here.
Fine.
So. what are you gonna do?
I don't know. I just want my life back.
Howard Sanderson
gave me your number.
said I should pick your brains.
Great.
Hi.
I have an appointment with Max kader.
- Name?
- Cherry laine.
Governments aren't going
to fix the housing problem.
They won't let the markets drop.
It's up to business entrepreneurs
to become social benefactors.
like they did in the 19th century.
With my skills and contacts.
and your investment.
we can take the parts of the city
that need it most and transform them.
It's not a new idea.
No. but it's a good one.
All it needs is the
passion to make it happen.
I have that passion.
I can see that.
Rich wanker foreigners better watch out.
It's an interesting move
seeing as your business plan
requires several rich wankers.
Yeah. Yeah. It cost me my job.
But. speaking out grabs attention.
And maybe guys like
you who live in luxury
need to start listening.
All right. let me speak
to some of my people.
Ok.
I assume you've talked
to Howard about this.
No. I've not... spoken to
Howard. Not since Daniel died.
Sorry. what did you say?
That I've... I've not spoken to Howard...
Sorry. I just thought
you said Daniel had died.
and I was about to say Daniel
Sanderson looks very much alive to me.
He's upstairs having lunch as we speak.